add datadog.parse_record_headers property (#49)
DataDog/datadog-kafka-connect-logs: README.md

### Download from Github

Download the latest version from the GitHub [releases page](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-kafka-connect-logs/releases).
Also see [Confluent's documentation](https://docs.confluent.io/current/connect/managing/community.html) on installing
community connectors.

### Build from Source

1. Clone the repo from https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-kafka-connect-logs
2. Verify that Java8 JRE or JDK is installed.

> 3. Run `mvn clean compile package`. This will build the jar in the `/target` directory. The name will be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Run `mvn clean compile package`. This builds the jar in the `/target` directory. The file name has the format
```

Author: Fixed.

   `datadog-kafka-connect-logs-[VERSION].jar`.
4. The zip file for use on [Confluent Hub](https://www.confluent.io/hub/) can be found in `target/components/packages`.

## Quick Start

1. To install the plugin, place the plugin's jar file (see [previous section](#installation-and-setup) on how to download or build it)

>    in or under the location specified in `plugin.path` . If you use Confluent Platform, simply run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   in or under the location specified in `plugin.path` . If you use Confluent Platform, run
```

Author: Fixed.

| `datadog.retry.max` | The number of retries before the output plugin stops.                                                                                                      | `5` ||
| `datadog.retry.backoff_ms` | The time in milliseconds to wait following an error before a retry attempt is made.                                                                        | `3000` ||
| `datadog.add_published_date` | Valid settings are true or false. When set to `true`, The timestamp is retrieved from the Kafka record and passed to Datadog as `published_date`           ||

> | `datadog.parse_record_headers` | Valid settings are true or false. When set to `true`, Kafka Record Headers will be parsed and passed to DataDog as `kafkaheaders` object |`false`| 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `datadog.parse_record_headers` | Valid settings are true or false. When set to `true`, Kafka Record Headers are parsed and passed to DataDog as a `kafkaheaders` object |`false`| 
```

Author: Fixed.

transforms.addExtraField.static.field=extraField
transforms.addExtraField.static.value=extraValue
```

> Now if you restart the sink connector and send some more test messages, each new record should have a `extraField` field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you restart the sink connector and send some more test messages, each new record should have a `extraField` field
```

Author: Fixed.

### System Tests

> We use Confluent Platform for a batteries-included Kafka environment for local testing. Follow the guide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use Confluent Platform for a batteries-included Kafka environment for local testing. Follow the guide
```

Author: Fixed.

[here](https://docs.confluent.io/current/quickstart/ce-quickstart.html) to install the Confluent Platform.

Then, install the [Confluent Kafka Datagen Connector](https://github.com/confluentinc/kafka-connect-datagen) to create
sample data of arbitrary types. Install this Datadog Logs Connector by running
`confluent-hub install target/components/packages/<connector-zip-file>`.

> In the `/test` directory there are some `.json` configuration files to make it easy to create Connectors. There are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `/test` directory, there are some `.json` configuration files to make it easy to create Connectors. There are
```

Author: Fixed.
